The pineapple is a tropical plant with an edible fruit and the most economically significant plant in the family Bromeliaceae.

Barcel is a maker of potato chips and other confectionery and snack foods. It is a unit of Grupo Bimbo created in 1950.

Born May 27, 1988, Stevin John, better known by his alias Blippi, is an American children's entertainer and educator on YouTube and Amazon Video.

Proofreader applicants are tested primarily on their spelling, speed, and skill in finding errors in the sample text. Toward that end, they may be given a list of ten or twenty classically difficult words.

Words per minute is a measure of typing speed, commonly used in recruitment. For the purposes of WPM measurement a word is standardized to five characters or keystrokes.

In the buffer method, the typist looks at the source copy, mentally stores one or several sentences, then looks at the keyboard and types out the buffer of sentences.

The average American spends 38.5 total days brushing their teeth over a lifetime. People who drink 3 or more glasses of soda each day have 62% more tooth decay, fillings and tooth loss than others.

However, we do not recommend that you use your pearly whites to open bottle caps! If you don't floss, you miss cleaning 40% of your tooth surfaces. Make sure you brush and floss twice a day!

Every year, kids in North America spend close to half a million dollars on chewing gum. More people use blue toothbrushes than red ones. Like fingerprints, everyone's tongue print is different.

Kids laugh around 400 times a day, adults just 15 times a day. If you're right handed, you will chew your food on your right side. If you're left handed, you will tend to chew your food on your left side.

Giraffes only have bottom teeth. Just like finger prints, tooth prints are unique to each individual. The average person only brushes for 45 to 70 seconds a day, the recommended amount of time is 2-3 minutes.

Monkeys are brown, Turtles are green, I know of a Blippi fangirl, Regardless of how cute she seems; Chode or no chode, she's the best, At losing to me in Nitrotype. Quirky too, With her "nonexistent" closet roach nest;

Mollusks, crustaceans, gastropods, arthropods, Somehow managing to shame all of taxonomy in one blow. With my voice cracks behind those airpods, always reminding me to walk the stupid gecko

Baby Yoda, superior cinnabons, personality-infused sourdough, This Blippi fangirl has quite the influence on my flow, But what can i say though, this Blippi (fangirl) is an irresistible show.

An ankylosed tooth is an uncommon condition that occurs when a tooth's roots fuse to the underlying bone, resulting in improper tooth eruption. An ankylosed tooth is most common in children (primary teeth), but can also happen to permanent teeth as well.

Treatment for an ankylosed tooth often involves extraction to prevent improper jaw growth, adverse tooth eruption, and loss of space in between teeth.

Depending on the individual case, a dentist or orthodontist may recommend a space maintainer for a child's ankylosed tooth to help keep the gap from closing and preventing the underlying permanent tooth from growing in properly.

A root canal (also known as root canal therapy or RCT) is usually the best way to clear infections in a root canal. When dental pulp, the blood vessels and nerves found within a tooth, becomes badly damaged by decay, irreversible pain and sensitivity may occur.

During the root canal procedure, your dentist or endodontist will clean out the infected root canal and then seal it to prevent future infections. If left untreated, an infected root canal, and subsequent abscessed tooth, can cause swelling that could spread to other areas of the face, neck or head, bone loss around the tip of the root.

Malocclusion refers to abnormal positioning of the teeth when the jaws are closed, including overbites, underbites, crossbites and crowded teeth. Most people seek treatment for malocclusion for cosmetic reasons instead of medical reasons.

However, it's often beneficial to overall health to correct the issues caused by malocclusion. While most children have some degree of malocclusion, a small percentage have severe or comprehensive malocclusion which may require a combination of orthodontics and orthognathic surgery.

An ecclesiocracy is a situation where the religious leaders assume a leading role in the state, but do not claim that they are instruments of divine revelation: for example, the prince-bishops of the European Middle Ages, where the bishop was also the temporal ruler.

Put down the pop and sports drinks and pick up some nice fresh water instead. Tooth enamel is the hardest substance in the human body. The average woman smiles 62 times a day. The average man smiles about 8 times a day.